Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about sibling security, default configuration and customization,
sibling security provides an authorization filter for request and responses.
With spring security, we can define permitted and not permitted pets.
Also, we can define these permissions, according to Ross.
Also, we can define session and authorization types in supreme security.
Let's understand these things with Logan example, first of all, let's see the default configuration
of cyber security, you know that tool in a system.
First of all, we should send our credentials like username and password for our clients that we can
send it with two different ways.
First one is we can directly post it with foreign payloads or pet parameters.
Second one is we can send a tweet using authorization.
Had to do it.
We should send basic base64 token.
This token should be constructed from username and password.
Later, this will be sent to server side and Ciprian security will touch it and check it to do it.
Our first requirement is what the default login pad is for spring security.
Spring security login API that is just log in spring describes default login for arguments with form
login property form.
Login is a form login configuration components.
And form Logan Configurator works with these default parameters, firstly the default login page and
login process, Pett is login.
Secondly, after Log-in request, the logging operation can be successful or failed if logging operation
is successful, the response of logging will return as successful.
So there is no other default path for successful result.
If logging operation is failed, the failure path will be logged in mid air parameter.
Third one is looking also related with logout, so default, successful logout parties is indeed logout
parameters.
These were formed local property.
The other default configuration is HTP, basically this means skippering security will check your credentials
with E, the incoming HDTV request contains the authorization header or not, and its value starts with
basic.
The other default configuration is HTP session, you know, that sessions so the date of authenticated
users in supreme security, the default configuration for session is if required so as to bring security
to bring security, will carry this session when it needs all the other default configuration is cross
site request forgery.
Cross site request forgery is an attack that forces an ant user to execute unwanted actions on its web
application to avoid it.
Skippering security users.
Kookie and HTP flags, for example, cybering security users.
HDTV only Flett with this.
The Barasso not the display, the cookie drawer Clydeside scripts.
Last one is logout the default logout pet is in Cyprien Security log out after logout.
Sibling security will be directed to login with parameter logout and the default HTP method is post.
OK, these were default Cyprien security configurations.
Now we will talk about our custom configurations and how can we customize it.
First one is we can add cross origin resource sharing support.
Cross resource sharing minutes cross Orji request crossed Augier means outside of the origin, so we
can say that cross origin resource sharing also has to specify who and which origins can access the
assets on search.
Cross origin resource sharing can be described on HDTV beheaders like Access Control, L.O. Origin or
Access Control and low headers, etc. Things.
OK, that's all about cross-border associate.
Second one is we can describe public Urus so this year can be reachable by everybody without authorization.
Third one is we can describe U.
R.
S based on user rules, for example, blah, blah, pets can be reached by just admins, etc. The other
one is we can define Logan's pets in spring security.
The default logout pet is Lorgat, but we can change it with Lowgar Request Metcher.
The other one is about looking for about looking for we can change the login page login process, you
are a successful login pad or Heyler login page.
The other one is we can change S. policy, for example, we can use stateless session.
So in that case, each and every request needs to be rethought unticketed.
We can use never session in that case, the framework will never create a session itself, but it will
use one of them if it already exists or we can use always session in that case, session will always
be created.
If one doesn't already exist, the other customization can be disabled.
Cross site request forgery.
If you want to work with different parts, you cannot use cross site request forgery directly to use
it.
You should describe proxy between Pott's.
OK, the customization can be like that.
S final thing, we will talk about a complete authentication, progress in Sebring security.
First of all, sent a request from Kulaks site, for example, like logging operation or leased operation,
that own server side.
This request will be accessed by skippering security filter.
This filter can be basic authentication filters.
Later, Supreme Security, we'll check authorization, Heather, on this request authorization can be
sent with basic Heather Beera, Heather, all can be stored with session later cybering security will
pass authorization, Heather and we'll find it username and roll's information.
Then with this data cybering, security will carry that or don't teach an object in security context
that it will check the requested part with this authentication object.
If it is permitted, we'll return successful pads, otherwise we'll return failure.
Also with this response, we can reach authentication object.
This ID object contains authorities, I mean, rules of user principles, user details and credentials
as lasting.
We should notice something after login and log out the default.
Successful part will be same because login pat is login and successful.
Logansport is login with logger's parameter.
So to do it for both of them we will check authentication object or principle object to separate them
for logout.
Principle will be null for login.
Principle will be username.
But we will also notice hunting here for both case.
We will return.
OK, it's TTP status because both of them are successful operations.
OK, that's all about sibling security configuration.
Thank you.